Mosquitto Addon: Add libcjson1 and libc-ares2 dependency for mosquitto_dynamic_security.so plugin/asynchronous name resolver dependencies (#2987)
home-assistant/addons: mosquitto/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 6.2.1

> - Add dependencies for dynamic security plugin and asynchronous name resolver 
> - Prevent uninstallation of libcjson1 and libc-ares2 during cleanup

Reviewer: This is essentially only change, so I'd suggest:

```suggestion
- Add explicit dependencies for dynamic security plugin and asynchronous name resolver 
```
